# -- UI
# fonts
# font-family = SFMono Nerd Font 
font-family = JetBrains Mono 
font-size = 13
theme = Atom
cursor-style = block
adjust-cell-height = 35%
background-opacity = 0.96

mouse-hide-while-typing = true
mouse-scroll-multiplier = 2

window-padding-balance = true
macos-titlebar-style = transparent
window-colorspace = "display-p3"
background = 1C2021
foreground = ffffff

shell-integration = zsh
shell-integration-features = cursor, no-sudo, title

clipboard-read = allow
clipboard-write = allow
copy-on-select = clipboard

# keybindings
keybind = super+s>r=reload_config
keybind = super+s>x=close_surface
keybind = super+s>n=new_window

# tabs 
keybind = super+s>c=new_tab
keybind = super+s>shift+l=next_tab
keybind = super+s>shift+h=previous_tab
keybind = super+s>comma=move_tab:-1
keybind = super+s>period=move_tab:1

# quick tab switch
keybind = super+s>1=goto_tab:1
keybind = super+s>2=goto_tab:2
keybind = super+s>3=goto_tab:3
keybind = super+s>4=goto_tab:4
keybind = super+s>5=goto_tab:5
keybind = super+s>6=goto_tab:6
keybind = super+s>7=goto_tab:7
keybind = super+s>8=goto_tab:8
keybind = super+s>9=goto_tab:9

# split
keybind = super+s>\=new_split:right
keybind = super+s>-=new_split:down

keybind = super+s>j=goto_split:bottom
keybind = super+s>k=goto_split:top
keybind = super+s>h=goto_split:left
keybind = super+s>l=goto_split:right

keybind = super+s>z=toggle_split_zoom

keybind = super+s>e=equalize_splits
